[Music]
now here are some quick questions for
you what damage can a sent sticker
caused to your car why is it crucial to
use turn signals even in a parking lot
and can you use a log instead of a car
wheel get ready here comes another
lineup of Auto tips every driver has to
know counting down from number nine
using turn signals when finding parking
places is or at least should be
something that's almost a natural
instinct but do you ever do it when
backing out of a parking spot if you're
wondering why that would be necessary
the answer is simple safety other
drivers and pedestrians aren't psychic
so they have no clue which way your back
end will go so use your back left turn
signal when backing out to the left and
the right one when you're going in the
opposite direction once you've finished
the maneuver and are ready to hit the
road just signal as you normally would
number eight many older cars have a gas
pump it pumps fuel out of the tank and
into the carburetor in there it gets
mixed up with air and then gets burned
off in the engine sometimes your car
just won't start and one of the reasons
for that is problems with your gas pump
it can wear out or weaken with time but
there's a trick to make it work take the
key out of the ignition then turn it on
again
but don't start the car right away wait
for a couple of seconds to let the pump
do its job and only then start the
vehicle
[Music]
number seven in case you're looking for
a way to save some cash consider a DIY
windshield cleaner if you think of it
the main enemy of your windshield is
grease you get it from hundreds of cars
constantly moving in front of you cars
are always leaking different kinds of
fluid engine oil transmission fluid
antifreeze brake fluid and whatnot
whenever it rains they mix up with
puddle water and then your car gets
splashed so what normally helps you get
rid of grease bingo
it's the dishwasher so take a spray
bottle fill it with water in about two
tablespoons of dishwashing soap and
voila you just got yourself an effective
and basically free windshield cleaner
when you spray it on try to stick to the
windshield and don't go over the paint
job since it might wipe it off
oops number six in the white winter
season never ever use a brush to clean
snow off your vehicle if it's really
heavily covered with snow you can brush
off the top layer and remove the snow
from the windshield and mirrors to have
enough visibility but don't brush the
snow off the car body because it
scratches the paintwork to keep your
vehicle bright and shiny exercise
patience and wait till it thaws
if there isn't a lot of snow start it
and let it thaw out
if there's a lot of snow reduce it to a
thin layer and the rest will fall off by
itself as you start moving for your own
safety and the safety of others never
hit the road if you can't see where
you're going
number five there's another winter trick
that will save you a good deal of
frustration sometimes as you're driving
on a snowy day you can feel your
steering wheel and wheels vibrating stop
and take a look at the wheel disk
sometimes as you pass through a
snowdrift snow sticks to the disc and
then because of moisture or rain it
turns to ice it can stick on the inside
of the disc and that massive piece of
ice on the wheel can make it vibrate
while you're driving it's not safe of
course and can pull you to the side of
the road or make your steering wheel
shake so if that happens stop and kick
the wheel with your foot to beat off the
snow if that doesn't help and your
steering wheel is still vibrating see a
mechanic
[Music]
number four when you're driving down a
highway or a country road little pebbles
might come flying your way they aren't
that dangerous and you might not even
notice the damage but if you look
closely you can find small scratches on
your headlights if you plan to stay on
the road for a long time and rain
catches you on the way your headlights
might fog up because of that damage
they'll need to be repaired but in the
meantime use a piece of transparent
adhesive tape it will prevent the
moisture from getting in through the gap
and the headlights from fogging up
number three don't use air fresheners
that are sent stickers you must be
wondering what kind of damage that cute
little sticker could do to your
dashboard air conditioner or wherever
you stick it the active chemical
components that make your car smell like
an ocean breeze or the tropics can
damage the paint or make it dull if for
example your car stays in the Sun for
too long and they spill they can cause
some serious damage even if it just
remains stuck as it should the
evaporation of this liquid over months
can leave a stain the paint will fade or
get bubbling if you're looking for a
safe scent sticker alternative you can
actually make one yourself fill a mason
jar with baking soda about two-thirds
fall
then add 20 drops of whatever essential
oil you prefer cover it with a lid and
shake it well to mix take off the lid
and then cut out a cardboard piece to
match the size of the lid stick it to
the jar using the ring part of the lid
poke some little holes in it and it's
ready
you can put it in the cup holder or
somewhere under your seat it should last
you a month number two if your vehicle
suddenly fills up with unpleasant odors
that your AC sucked in or one of the
passengers accidentally produce your air
freshener might not help and you'll want
to do the old-school way
remember one thing though when you air
out the vehicle open the windows that
are kiddie Korner to each other
for instance open the driver's seat and
the right rear window if you just open
the front windows the air will blow back
and spin but the stinking smell won't
disappear if you open all the windows on
the same side the air will get in
through the front window and go back out
the back one and as you air out the car
slow down a bit to save your hairdo from
some serious gusts of wind you two gals
number one
checking your oil levels is critically
important since oil to your engine is
basically like blood to your body so
make sure to check it regularly and only
on a cold engine you see if you locate
the dipstick in an engine that was just
actively working it won't give you the
most accurate results the bubbles that
form from splashing on the way will
prevent you from seeing how much oil you
actually have in there
[Music]
and here's a bonus replacing a missing
wheel with a log okay this one sounds
like it was taken straight out of a
Russian fairy tale but it actually works
and you can find pictures and videos
proving it online imagine this you're on
a deserted Highway going through the
woods
see there's Hansel and Gretel waving on
the other side suddenly something is
wrong with one of your rear wheels
you can't ask anyone for help and you've
got to keep going as absurd as it might
seem you can actually log your way home
if you take a log and attach it to the
bumper then stretch it under the body of
the car and attach it to the rear axle
it will work as a makeshift wheel or a
sledge for your car this will only work
on your rear wheels because they don't
turn and you'll have to go slowly and
carefully but it actually works
[Music]
and you can also use a log to get out of
the mud tie it to the wheel using a rope
tape or even your own shoelaces thread
it through the hole in the wheel disk
take it out on the other side of the
wheel and tie it once again then do the
same with the second wheel the trick
will work as you start driving at a
steady speed with no sudden acceleration
or stops Wow so which of the tips do you
want to try out first me I think I just
want to keep the stinky people out of my
car anyway let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today
then give this video a like and share it
with a frog but hey don't go anywhere
just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life